So hopefully that went smoothly, but now let's take a look at how we can achieve this.
So there's two functions we will need CONSED safe card, which is going to be an async function that
is going to take the current restaurant, the cart and the user ID of the user.
And then what it's going to do is it's going to try catch around that, taking in an error and what
it's going to do with that trick catches in the tri version it's going to say Consed Jason value is
equal to Jason that string of Afie and what we're going to string Afie is the restaurant as Oreste and
the cart as CRT.
And by doing that now we have a Jason value that we can actually store and then following that will
await async storage, Daudt set item and what we'll do is we'll do at Kaat.
And we'll say dash user ID.
So we'll be saving the cart under the user I.D. and then following that, we'll put in the Jason value.
All right, so that saves the cart in the case of an error, will console that log error storing.
And we'll add the the error itself now that we have saved Kaat, let's go and look at where we put that
and how we use that.
So first and foremost, we have our use of fact here that is trying to calculate a sum.
Next to that, we'll add another use effect.
So the main purpose of this use effect is to be to save the cart is going to be the save the cart.
So we're going to do a use effect where we invoke a function and it's going to be invoked any time the
restaurant changes, the cart changes or the user changes in any of those cases.
We want to invoke the method.
If you have a user and and the user has an ID, then we want to save the cart.
And we want to give it the restaurant, we want to give it the user, the user's ID and the card, so
user ID in this case will save the card.
Now, if we look at this, this isn't really going to do anything for us because we don't really load
the card either.
Right.
If we do this right now, this isn't really going to do anything for us because if we reload.
Lo and behold, empty cart, so we also have to do consed load cart, and that's also going to be an
async method that's going to take in the user ID.
And what it's going to do with that user ID is it's going to invoke a function that is going to say
try catch the same thing we did here.
It's going to try catch.
But what it's going to do is instead of doing this, what it's going to say is const value is equal
to and we're going to grab this over here, a weight.
Instead of setting an item, it's going to get an item.
And so once it gets that item, it has a value.
Now, if value is not equal to null, then what we want to do is say const restaurant as arrests and
as Oreste rather and cart as CRT is equal to Jason that parts of the value.
And this way we get back our cart.
And so then we set the restaurant as the artist and we set the cart as the CRT.
And by doing this we now are enabled to load the cart.
So but how to how and when do we load the cart?
Well, we'll load the cart any time the user changes.
Any time the user changes, we'll do load cart.
And by doing that, we now enable ourselves to load it, oh, looks like we already have one that does
this.
Any time the user changes weight, what is what is missing?
Oh, it's missing Kaat.
Well we don't need to pass kaat or user id into this our cart or a restaurant rather.
We don't need to pass either of those into here, we just need to pass our user ID.
That's why our affect hook was complaining.
So now if we go into here, well nothing saved.
If we save right now it's loaded and if we reload.
Now we can see our cart states and we know that it's going to stay because if we go in here and we do
this and then we add multiple items to our checkout flow, if we go over here and we reload.
Well, there we go, if we go in here, check out is still in the state it was before, so very simple,
very effective way to persist, the state of the cart for us in the case where the user wants to come
back to his or her order.